add comment on lib64 (#793)
openPMD/openPMD-api: docs/source/install/install.rst

   # install prefix         |------------|
   export CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=$HOME/somepath:$CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH
   export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$HOME/somepath/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH

>    # Please be aware that on a 64-bit system `.../lib` might need to be replaced by `.../lib64`.

Reviewer: Just an idea to keep the line short:
```suggestion
   # Note that one some systems, /lib might need to be replaced with /lib64.
```

   #                change path to your python MAJOR.MINOR version

>    export PYTHONPATH=$HOME/somepath/lib/python3.5/site-packages:$PYTHONPATH

Reviewer: Let's update this while we are on it:
```suggestion
   export PYTHONPATH=$HOME/somepath/lib/python3.8/site-packages:$PYTHONPATH
```
